Mom
I want to die
Thank you three brothers
Stand by me when I lose my memory and strength
Protect me
Little Junior Sister is very grateful
Little Junior Sister, you scared me to death just now
Let me see if I'm okay
No longer in love after recovering memory and force
Our little sister has grown up
So powerful now
Brother, you just got seriously injured trying to save me
Little Junior Sister
I will never let anyone hurt you again
I have seen the dragon lady
Welcome the dragon girl who grew up in the dragon sword
Welcome to the Dragon Lady, who grew up in Dragon Sword
I have seen the dragon lady
No need to worry
Get up, thank you, Dragon Lady
Thank you, Dragon Lady, for losing this bitch
It's really a dragon girl
My brother can't stop a sword
How could this be?
Back then, he had not only three senior brothers
It turned out to be really the Dragon God Temple Dragon Girl
Why?
Why sister
Go away and leave me alone, brother
I want to be with you.
I'm not leaving
Murong Xuance
You and your sister are in this together
Not only colluding with foreign thieves to secretly expand their power
Also attempted to murder the dragon girl
One death sentence